README.md, before:


# My Portfolio Website

Showcase your skills, projects, and experience as a Computer Engineering student. Built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, this responsive website highlights your coding expertise and passion for technology. Keep it updated to impress potential employers and connect with the tech community.
This repository contains the source code for my personal portfolio website. The website is designed to showcase my skills, projects, and experience as a Computer Engineering student.


## Technologies Used 

**Client:** HTML, CSS, Javascript

**Hosted on:** Github Pages


## Features

- Clean and intuitive user interface
- Responsive design for optimal viewing across devices
- Section highlighting skills, projects, and experience
- Projects section with detailed documentation and source code
- Easy to understand and modify codebase
- Regular updates to reflect latest achievements and skills



## Getting Started

To view and run the website locally, follow these steps:
1. Clone the repository: 
```bash
git clone https://github.com/RushikeshShelar/My-Portfolio-Website.git
```
2. Navigate to the project directory: 
```bash
cd My-Portfolio-Website
```
3. Open the index.html file in your preferred web browser.
## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome!

If you have any suggestions, bug reports, or feature requests, please submit an issue or create a pull request.
Please adhere to this project's `code of conduct`.


## Acknowledgements

 - Inspiration and design ideas from various portfolio websites
- Thanks to the open-source community for their valuable contributions
- [CodeWithHarry](https://www.youtube.com/@CodeWithHarry)
 - [How to write a Good readme](https://bulldogjob.com/news/449-how-to-write-a-good-readme-for-your-github-project)


## Authors

- [@Rushikesh Shelar](https://www.github.com/RushikeshShelar)


## Contact

If you have any questions or would like to get in touch, please feel free to reach out to me at rushikeshshelar.cs@gmail.com.

Thank you for visiting my portfolio website repository!

Commit message:

Updated README: Added hyperlink to hosted website
This commit modifies the README file for my portfolio website repository. A hyperlink has been added to the README, providing easy access to my hosted website. Users can now click on the hyperlink to visit my portfolio website and explore my skills, projects, and experience as a Computer Engineering student.

README.md, after:


# My Portfolio Website

Showcase your skills, projects, and experience as a Computer Engineering student. Built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, this responsive website highlights your coding expertise and passion for technology. Keep it updated to impress potential employers and connect with the tech community.
This repository contains the source code for my personal portfolio website. The website is designed to showcase my skills, projects, and experience as a Computer Engineering student.
You can access my portfolio website by clicking [here](https://rushikeshshelar.github.io/My-Portfolio-Website/).


## Technologies Used 

**Client:** HTML, CSS, Javascript

**Hosted on:** Github Pages




## Features

- Clean and intuitive user interface
- Responsive design for optimal viewing across devices
- Section highlighting skills, projects, and experience
- Projects section with detailed documentation and source code
- Easy to understand and modify codebase
- Regular updates to reflect latest achievements and skills



## Getting Started

To view and run the website locally, follow these steps:
1. Clone the repository: 
```bash
git clone https://github.com/RushikeshShelar/My-Portfolio-Website.git
```
2. Navigate to the project directory: 
```bash
cd My-Portfolio-Website
```
3. Open the index.html file in your preferred web browser.
## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome!

If you have any suggestions, bug reports, or feature requests, please submit an issue or create a pull request.
Please adhere to this project's `code of conduct`.


## Acknowledgements

 - Inspiration and design ideas from various portfolio websites
- Thanks to the open-source community for their valuable contributions
- [CodeWithHarry](https://www.youtube.com/@CodeWithHarry)
 - [How to write a Good readme](https://bulldogjob.com/news/449-how-to-write-a-good-readme-for-your-github-project)


## Authors

- [@Rushikesh Shelar](https://www.github.com/RushikeshShelar)


## Contact

If you have any questions or would like to get in touch, please feel free to reach out to me at rushikeshshelar.cs@gmail.com.

Thank you for visiting my portfolio website repository!
